So for this exercise we're going to go to a couple of websites.
First, let's go to the AWS Lambda tools pricing calculator.
From here based on our assumptions,
we're going to enter in the values to find
out how much it would cost to run 20 million functions
with 512 megabytes of memory
allocated and an estimated execution time of about 50 milliseconds.
We're not going to include the free tier because that's cheating.
We find that running 20 million functions per
month with the following circumstances is going to cost you about $12.34.
Now let's move over to our on demand instance pricing,
and we're going to compare that to an m5.large EC2
instance that runs at almost $0.10 an hour.
So running at $0.10 an hour 24 hours a day and 30 days a month,
it's going to come out to about $69.12.
Then that's the on demand price.
So if we look at reserved pricing and not paying anything upfront,
that'll be $44.53, and for partial upfront you'd pay $256 down,
and then 21.17 a month.
So that comes out to be about 42.50,
and if you pay it all at once that's about $500 and that comes out to about 41.75.
So the outcome here is you'll pay between $42 and $44
for a reserved instance or $12.34 running serverless